All right, you can tell by the button this guy's official. This is Congressman Mark Green from Tennessee, Congressional District 7? Yep, Tennessee 7. Tennessee 7. And that's the great state of Tennessee. You guys have some...
You guys have some wonderful, wonderful representatives in your state. You've got a good governor.
You guys are doing it right. Yeah, I think
Your comments, as you were sharing, I mean, Oz Guinness' book, The Triangle of Freedom, Faith, Virtue, Freedom, and also Eric Metaxas' story. Yeah, that's right. He ripped it off.
He did. He did. He did. But you came with a different angle on it, and you're showing the left's imitation of it. Tell everybody what you'd see in that. Yeah, so obviously...
Obviously, you know, to have freedom, you have to have virtue. To have virtue, you have to have faith or a fixed moral right. Exactly. So if you look at the left over the past 20 years,
Really, since the sexual revolution, that was not-- I mean, it was about sex, but it was also about there is no fixed moral right. Yeah, there's no absolutes. There's no absolutes, right? So there--
Their ultimate goal is themselves in charge, their socialist utopia, form of authoritarianism. Whatever your truth is. That's right. Oh, yeah. So they want to be in charge.
They want to be in charge. They want to tell us. They want to have...
Really authoritarianism, right? But they call it intolerance.
Yeah. Except if you disagree with him. No, it would not be tolerant. But to get there, they need chaos. Right? So, I mean, in a hurricane, we'll accept martial law.
law will give up freedom for security. So they need that chaos to justify their authoritarianism. And they get that with moral relativity.
Right. So if you if you look at, for example, the abortion debate, 20 years ago, they said, hey,
Rare.
And early. Yep. And now up to the day before our child is born. In California, it's 28 days after birth now. Yeah, that's that's that's. Believing in saying right. So so that moral.
The whole compass has changed for them. It's very morally changed. Well, look at the chaos they've created.
The 2019 riots, the
The chaos at our border, the chaos in the economy, the chaos when we withdrew from Afghanistan. They want to create the chaos that justifies theirs.
Critical race theory. If all the systems are racist, well, we must need new systems. So everything they're doing is to give themselves power in Washington, D.C.
Through the chaos they're creating.
They don't believe in absolute truth. The scientific method is a white man's construct to suppress.
The minorities. Unless they want to manipulate it for their own authoritarianism. Exactly.
exactly and so you know the hegelian dialectic yeah create a problem and the government comes to a solution and have as bad a problem that's what they're doing yeah that's what they're doing.
But you are on the front lines.
you you govern by our consent you understand who the boss is we the people yeah and you're contending understanding the the bill of rights understanding 27 amendments understanding
You're sending a seminar, it goes to the Constitution, you swore to defend, and you're doing that day in and day out, and
And one of my struggles with the church as a pastor
Is because we are so ignorant of of the constitution, and you have police officers, you have military personnel, you have elected officials swearing to defend the constitution. they know nothing about.
Thank you.
And then when something doesn't go their way, we devour our own. And it's this litmus test. And they don't understand as a legislator,
legislator
You're going to make decisions. You're going to win some and lose some. But that's the way it works in a constitutional republic.
And the people that love you one minute will hate you the next.
But you got to have thick skin, no doubt about that. And I just have to say thank you because I've served in office and I know the difficulty of it. The good people of Tennessee have elected
You've elected a good man. You're kind. Thank you. What are some of the things that you're passionate about that you've been legislating for? Well, so I just wrote a bill that I think even maybe the Democrats are going to support.
Or, come on. You know, COVID actually showed us how dependent we were on Chinese manufacturing. So that's problem number one. Problem number two is when China was growing, it needed lots
They needed lots of commodities. They took it from Latin America.
Well, that jacked the price of their currencies up. So they stopped manufacturing because it was cheaper to buy from China. So there's no opportunity in Latin America and it's creating a problem in our southern border.
Southern Border Problem 3. So, I have a bill, and it's a conservative bill because it uses private investment dollars through the Development Finance Corporation Bank.
Right. Okay. So the, the, the, the,
You got money you want to invest it you can invest it in this bank they'll give you a great market rate
But we'll buy the rate down with the loan tariff money from China.
For any company that uses that loan to move to Latin America,
creates opportunity in Latin America and decreases pressure on our southern border. Now we also have a bill that would bring those jobs back to the United States, but many of those jobs
The, uh...
The cost of labor,
makes it almost impossible to come back to the United States. If you're making T-shirts, hey, they're going to go to Latin America, create jobs down there, decrease pressure on our southern border, and decouple us from China.
Hey!
What is it, Monroe Drop Doctrine, where we're protecting the Western Hemisphere? We need a Monroe Doctrine 2.0 because China and Russia, I mean, Russia's doing war games in Venezuela, right?
Layla right now, they're putting troops in Nicaragua. You know, did you ever think in your life, I certainly didn't mind, I'm 57, you've looked at 27. Are you really?
Yeah, he preserved better than I did. What do you think, formaldehyde badge or something? No, no, I, uh, yeah, I'm, I'm, no. Jumping out of airplanes, man, my knees are kind of dumb. You were
A U.S. Army. Yeah, I was the Army Ranger Infantry Officer, and then I went to med school. Thank you for your support. And was a Special Operations Doctor. Wow. So the real secret swoop you guys, we can't talk about. I'm going to meet two
Two of you and none of me. No, no, no, man. God, you're...
You're in the kingdom fighting that matters way more my dad was military my son's military greatness skips a generation that's all right but my job as a minister is to make sure it's a country worth fighting that's exactly what
Exactly right. I will tell you this, though. We need our pastors to get in the game. The culture war is not for politicians to win. The pastors have got to speak up and fight this culture war.
I'm so glad you said that because Russell Kirk said that politicians are actors performing a script written by the audience. That's right. The audience, you know, the First Amendment, the freedom of the Pope,
The pulpit, the freedom of religion.
the press is to report it, the pulpits are to proclaim it. that's exactly right. and if the pulpits are silent in the middle of tyranny, it's not unlimited submission, roman thirteen, to tyranny.
We must stand in opposition for the sake of our neighbors. If we really love our neighbor, we're not going to let the elderly die alone. We're not going to let the abused be quarantined with their neighbors.
With their users and shut down businesses.
and allow Amazon to continue
And yet we have to support you.
You've governed by our consent. It's a team sport.
But the position you take is not a popular one and everyone needs to get behind you. And I just want to say thank you for all you. I know you're busy. You're not a one-arm wallpaper hanger. But I'm
I'm glad you could spend time with me. Thank you for having me. The honor's mine. Everybody who knows you speak so highly of you. Well, we can argue who can be the president of mutual admirations this summer.
Society. Sounds good. Thank you, Congressman. Well, there you go. Congressman Mark Green, 7th District, Tennessee. When are you up for re-election? This year. All right. Send in a check. Support him. How do they get there?
How do they do that for you? MarkgreenTN.com.
There you go. Do it. You want it. Good government happens with...
Good people. this is a good man. so support him. thank you, bro. God bless you guys. thank you. God bless.